Don Okuda is an Abboteer (#14)
aseriousbiz/blog: _posts/2021/2021-09-13-don-okuda-is-an-abboteer.md

---
title: "Don Okuda is an Abboteer"
description: "Actual Human Don Okuda joins A Serious Business, Inc."
tags: [team, new-hire, abboteer]
excerpt_image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/279389/133147424-0cfa12fd-12d3-4e71-9ab8-97e58a041901.jpg
author:
    avatar: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/279389?s=400&u=74e6e598a2bf9d9889fbb771c542c508bf270e36
    name: pmn
---

We’re excited to share that Don Okuda has joined us as a Founding Product Designer to help make Abbot even more enjoyable to use. 

![Don escaped so he could join us](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/279389/133147424-0cfa12fd-12d3-4e71-9ab8-97e58a041901.jpg)

We all worked with Don at GitHub on GitHub Desktop and can’t wait to work with him more here. 

> When he’s not making great products, Don makes music and cooks his SPAM medium rare. 

Reviewer: I gotta get my :trollface: in as early as possible.

```suggestion
When he’s not making great products, Don makes music and enjoys pineapple on his pizza. 
```
